c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\WJD_UI.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\WJD_UI.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\WJD_UI.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\danyi.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\danyi.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\cancu.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\ruyuan.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\cancu.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\ruyuan.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\WJD_UI.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\T.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\obj\Debug\T.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_UI\WJD_UI\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
