c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\WJD_AFC.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\WJD_AFC.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\danyi.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\danyi.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\WJD_AFC.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\WJD_AFC.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\T.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\T.baml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\ruyuan.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\obj\Debug\ruyuan.baml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WJD_AFC\WJD_AFC\bin\Debug\HttpHelper.dll
